README.md, before:

# pro-martingale-Bitmex

### what is martingale?
simply say,if not win,then double bet

90% programmatic trading strategy in Foreign exchange is martingale.

more detailed information,please check the wiki https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martingale_(betting_system)

### what is the advantages of martingale strategy?
You don't need to know too much speculating skills,
All you need to do is estimate the volatility,which is pretty simple
### what is the disadvantages of martingale strategy?
f you are greedy,optimistic about the volatility,you will have big probability to lose money

### what is perfect martinglale?
the answer is sad,because the key is you,you should analysis the market and know yourself

market:Volatility in a period of time

yourself:to bear the risk ability

if you know the market and yourself,you can use our program,otherwise，the same as other strategy, you will have big probability to lose money

### what can our program do?
Customized all the parameter as you want,(any parameter you want ,please feedback)

our parameter
---
#### 1. **Position management**
- initial position
- How many positions are added to each step

   you can modify each step as you want,or use Fibonacci sequence or double every step
- max position
#### 2.  **step control**
- you can modify each step of price gap,or use the same price gap
- max step
#### 3.  **target profit**
- percent target profit or fixed value
#### 4. **stop loss**
- percent stop loss or fixed value
#### 5.  **time control(to do)**
- set the time period if the volatility is suitable
#### 6. **Pressure price and support price**
- set the Pressure price and support price to reduce the risk
#### 7. **dynamic tuning（to do）**
- calculate the volatility in real time,Gain a balance between income and risk
#### 8. **gui of configuration parameter and trade log(to do)**

Commit message:

modify the pro martin to easy martin

README.md, after:

# Bitmex-Easy-Martingale

### what is martingale?
simply say,if not win,then double bet

90% programmatic trading strategy in Foreign exchange is martingale.

more detailed information,please check the wiki https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martingale_(betting_system)

### what is key of martinglale?
the key is you,you should analysis the market and know yourself

market: Volatility in a period of time

yourself: to bear the risk ability

if you know the market and yourself,you can use our program,otherwise，the same as other strategy, you will have big probability to lose money

### what can our program do?
our program is B/S ,We are designed to run on the server,you can config the parameter via browser

run the "run.sh" to start the server,and type:localhost:8000 in browser to config the parameter

Customized all the parameter as you want,(any parameter you want ,please feedback)

our parameter
---
#### 1. **Position management**
- initial position
- How many positions are added to each step

   you can modify each step as you want,or use Fibonacci sequence or double every step
- max position
#### 2.  **step control**
- you can modify each step of price gap,or use the same price gap
- max step
#### 3.  **target profit**
- percent target profit or fixed value
#### 4. **stop loss**
- percent stop loss or fixed value
#### 5.  **time control(to do)**
- set the time period if the volatility is suitable
#### 6. **Pressure price and support price**
- set the Pressure price and support price to reduce the risk
#### 7. **dynamic tuning（to do）**
- calculate the volatility in real time,Gain a balance between income and risk
#### 8. **gui of configuration parameter and trade log(to do)**
